Adding meeting minutes for July 16 meeting (#17)
w3c/socialwg: meetings/2026/2026-07-16-CG-WG-joint.md

* Evan: makes sense!
* Dmitri: it's basically DIDs
* Dmitri: add to Github

* Ted: URIs can be used for identification and access. Do we need to replicate the entire news feed like NNTP did? Awareness that there is prior work we can learn from
* Chris: is the question: should we explore content addressable AP messages?
* Dmitri: yes
* Evan: would be nice to have a framework for experimentation in that area in the 1.1. spec. E.g. pick terminology in 1.1 that permits that (e.g. SHOULD, allow alsoKnownAs etc). WOuld not lead to interop, but would allow experimentation.

* Dmitri: remaining time: intro other issues, or resolve this now.
* Chris: do you have recommendation?
* Evan: maintain recommendations. Don't pick a particular DID for now.

* Proposal by Evan: ""1. Maintain the SHOULD https recommendation in the spec. 2. Document use of alsoKnownAs" "
  * 6.5 in favor, None against. a: "+0.5 because "alsoKnownAs" overlaps with "url" here". Ted: "also overlaps with owl:sameAs"

RESOLVED: "1. Maintain the SHOULD https recommendation in the spec. 2. Document use of alsoKnownAs" 

* Chris: anybody working on this?

> * Dmitri: yes, have FEP (Actor-relative URLs https://codeberg.org/fediverse/fep/src/branch/main/fep/e3e9/fep-e3e9.md, and silverpill's "Federation-friendly addressing and deduplication use cases" https://codeberg.org/fediverse/fep/src/branch/main/fep/cd47/fep-cd47.md) and server implementationo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dmitri: yes, have a concrete FEP ([Actor-relative URLs]( https://codeberg.org/fediverse/fep/src/branch/main/fep/e3e9/fep-e3e9.md), 
and @bumblefudge 's ["Federation-friendly addressing and deduplication use cases"]( https://codeberg.org/fediverse/fep/src/branch/main/fep/cd47/fep-cd47.md), 
and `silverpill`'s ["Portable Objects" FEP](https://codeberg.org/fediverse/fep/src/branch/main/fep/ef61/fep-ef61.md) 
and server implementations
```

Reviewer: I have no idea what server implementations @dmitrizagidulin meant, he might have to fix that minute himself 😅

Author: So these are meeting minutes ... I don't really want to add information that was not mentioned at the meeting, because then it would not be meeting minutes any more!

Reviewer: i wasn't there, i am just correcting Dmitri's misattribution of our FEP to silverpill and providing the FEP from silverpill that is most relevant to the conversation that I am assuming led to him mixing it up?  i don't think dmitri intentionally attributed a FEP he cowrote to silverpill

Author: I have updated the file.
